Marshal, this Wu Tian seems to be very rich
Also created a family called Tianbao
He was just a commoner before he became mayor
Oh.
Then since he is so powerful
Leave the disaster relief to him
If it is done
The next commander will do it for him
How does Marshal Zhang De Marshal reply?
He's not dead.
But the army below suffered heavy losses
Lost the battle
There were two I told him that
Pardon me?
Lao Tzu died so many people, the handsome doesn't help me call the shots
Xiaoshuai, calm down
Get rid of your mother
Xiaoshuai, I'm so angry
We only need to let Wu Tianzhen fail.
The grand marshal will definitely set off
If it weren't for your father, he wouldn't have lost the battle
You still have the face to make plans
Hey brother, wait a minute to inquire about the disease.
Zhang Shuai
We just need to pay for the skyscraper.
He's going to be screwed.
This technology
Not too bad.
This morning.
The task given to me by the commander
Ask me to save lives
What do you think about this?
The mayor can't complete these tasks.
Once all the rotten people in the province run to our Qingshan Town
How much food is there for him to eat?